Gwenevere Abriel: Angie. Hi.
Angelina C: Oh hey, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, can you hear me okay
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Let me get a note open for us here. You can if you could find a spot for the mission, the
Angelina C: On time. Yeah. But I think you said that there's too much light because I got where I could sit down, but I was trying to do it before I got on with the break. You were saying there's just too much.
Angelina C: Light behind me over here so I could sit better with you. I have to make it higher ranking.
Angelina C: Way I can kind of sit down. I have so much. It's been going I couldn't wait to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so today might be just, kind of, if you wanted to just updating them on what's been going on.
Angelina C: Well yeah, I need your advice to of course it has to at the co worker at work, but
Angelina C: Who went to
Angelina C: Know that, and I just went here.
Angelina C: I don't know, I might
Angelina C: Might need to be this way.
Angelina C: Hold on, let me just, I was doing this before I got on. But I don't even know if I can really make sense right behind me might bother you. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, we'll just take it step by step. It's all right. Okay.
Angelina C: Yeah, cuz I I walk around when I get like that. Start button. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me who the name of the employee is that you're having the challenge with so we call her by her name. Okay.
Angelina C: Name is charity.
Charity.
Angelina C: Yes, right.
Angelina C: Which him. Okay, so we were coming into a meeting. We all had a meeting on Friday, which I wasn't sure if I could move, but I was going to because it was my only day off on Friday.
Angelina C: And so on Wednesday night her and I worked the night shift to get in. Mind you I got hired a week after she did. So we're both pretty new still
Angelina C: To be on together. So, um, but she has been there week before me, and she left. Okay, so we close that night.
Angelina C: Okay, and she's always coming to work complaining about Shelly being bossy Shelly this coming to me about it. Did you know about the other employee.
Angelina C: Finally, one day I was just like, you know what, I'm going to go do my stuff. I'm going to get it out from the. Can I leave the counter cuz I don't want to hear her talking all the time and I go do my chores and stuff.
Angelina C: Well, she's complaining that I'm not at the register for her to get her stuff done which There's cameras, which my boss sees it, she gets it, but
Angelina C: And I can understand being away. I don't like to hear it. And I told my boss that I rather go clean and something in here, her in my ear about this girl.
Angelina C: Well, come to find out. She pulled us both in the office Thursday morning or Thursday, she pulls me. And when I get there and and she says, I just wanna let you know.
Angelina C: The chores for the coffee pot was left on last night. The alarm wasn't set and all this stuff. And I said, Okay, I said I'll I hear what you're saying. I said that that really wasn't my slides. Well, she's blaming you, she can't get her stuff done because you're not at your registered
Angelina C: It. Okay. I said, I'll stay at my register and I'll, I'll do this. And so I started thinking about it more and more and
Angelina C: It just really started eating me up because I will I go above and beyond to help her, even with at the end of the night with her chores, kinda, you know,
Angelina C: I feel I go above and beyond. And when she doesn't get stuff done. She doesn't even walk the store. She goes outside so okay so Thursday rolls around.
Angelina C: We have a meeting in the office. She's always saying you're always mad. Are you mad. Is everything okay are you mad, are you okay so okay
Angelina C: So I was like, No, I'm not. Everything's fine. You know, there's days. I'm going to be quiet and I don't want to talk to you because I don't hear you know I'm just really trying to distance myself from work and, you know, not being a
Angelina C: Friend. Do you know what I'm saying. I do. So my boss has come to me three times to be nice to this girl. Okay, I have okay I've put things aside. I've let things go
Angelina C: But that I guess wasn't good enough because she posts all three in the office to squash, everything will come to find out the one girl charity text me
Angelina C: After that night because I was really upset with her for throwing me under the bus like that saying everything was my fault.
Angelina C: But I took it. Okay. So I started doing more and more. And I just, I ended up breaking down at work, just in the back. I just start crying. Think you know
Angelina C: For nine bucks an hour. This isn't worth it to me to make myself crazy. So there's another lady there Leah.
Angelina C: That my boss that she Leah trained me and I likely because she's older than any of us, and she's a go getter, like I am show go and so that day, my boss even said
Angelina C: They did this to Leah to because she's off doing things cleaning doing whatever
Angelina C: And she's like, Well, you're never you're registered when I need you. All you have to do is say, Wait, I'll come get you. And I can't do that. My boss stopped and said, Yes, you can. You can tell the customer.
Angelina C: Give me just a sec. I'll be right back. Come yell for me and I'll be right here. And so we squash that and it's like, See, you're mad. You're mad.
Angelina C: Finally, when the fourth time in this meeting. She told me I was mad. I finally snapped. I said, This is fucking mad. I'm not fucking mad. This is fucking mad.
Angelina C: And my boss.
Angelina C: just stood there, it was just kind of it. She's like, see, so she got up walked out crying. Okay, my boss is like I was told not to hire her and you know she kind of I just walked out
Angelina C: My boss pulls me back and says, Can you please go apologize to her and okay so she's outside crying.
Angelina C: So I walk out there and I was kind of a smart ass because I really didn't want to apologize. I'm doing something I didn't want to do
Angelina C: So I went out there and I said, Can I talk to you and she's ignoring me so I was kind of a smartest was like, I know you can hear me. But will you please will you talk to me. She's like, no.
Angelina C: That was it for me. I'm done. If you're going to shut me down and go crying called tell everybody outside what what happened and keep the gossip going then. I DON'T WANT TO DEAL WITH YOU. SO THAT NIGHT SHOW. It was supposed to be a split shift between
Angelina C: Shelley and and charity, those are our three night girls that we have and Shelly has experienced and I even in. So let me go back to it. So I went out to publish again. So she's just back up to work at six o'clock on Thursday night, mind you. Okay.
Angelina C: So she comes in and I come inside. I'm doing trash she sees me outside doing chest Shelley, and I switch because I needed to do some stuff I didn't finish on the pumps.
Angelina C: The day before. So if we get our chores down to where whoever switches, whatever we have our name on it. We're good.
Angelina C: So she comes in at six and I commit and she's like, Are you okay, I said, Yeah, I'm just a little shaky because I, I just, I thought that we had our night set and things were going good.
Angelina C: And she's like, okay, so she leaves and everything in about 715 I look over
Angelina C: And charities not doing any of the dishes 715 we need to get those dishes in the back. We have 15 minutes to wash them, let them dry on my register you have plenty of time to rest tonight to do stuff.
Angelina C: She wasn't doing anything at all of a sudden, I'm like, why are you doing what I'm doing, because I didn't know what to do. I said, Shelly explained it to you.
Angelina C: She walks out and goes and calls my boss. So every time. Anything happen. She's trying to my boss.
Angelina C: And to this other lady Leah. But see, I didn't know the night I called me and said, Can you please just kind of talk me through this
Angelina C: I said, why are they throwing me under the bus when it feels like I'm going above and beyond. Like, I don't want you to knowing that talent. So like you. Be strong. She's like you're doing, you're not doing anything wrong.
Angelina C: And so I said okay so we got busy. I got off the phone and
Angelina C: I had my little meltdown. I was fine. I came back I was good to go. No big deal. And yeah, maybe I'm quiet but it's because I don't want to hear what you're saying. Like, I don't care what she's saying about other people. Right.
Angelina C: And this. Are you okay, are you mad. So my boss boys and she leaves work leaves me there by myself. Okay.
Angelina C: So she leaves my boss has to come from Albuquerque with her grandson mind UK all she had to do was follow her thing, we wouldn't even never talked that night.
Angelina C: I would have been okay if she had questions. Yes, I'm civil with you. I'm really trying. Okay, so she leaves Margie comes in pistols, how close down you know starts doing register, not even an hour that my boss is there, she hears from a customer.
Angelina C: That the night shift is night ship is just full of drama and I told you I don't know where this drama is coming from. I'm not getting it. Okay. So we go to the meeting.
Angelina C: And I had so much to ask Shelby on Friday about Thursday that I just, I was not really in it in the meeting, kind of, because I already knew what we were all going to talk about
Angelina C: And it really didn't have to proceed to the day, Chris, much as it does the night crew with us three women. So I've tried. I've tried to try. So we're sitting now, and she's like she starts kind of
Angelina C: Like in the meeting and Shelley came back at me because I asked them if I could talk to Shelly on my own.
Angelina C: Because I even have Texas at charity sent me that she's starting all the drama. She's going to show you saying I'm starting all the drama. So I was like okay
Angelina C: So we had the meeting we left that next day I asked just be my other boss. Do you mind if I pull Shelly. So I didn't talk to her not to start any crap. Just to let her know where I'm from.
Angelina C: And she said yes. So in between customers her and I were talking
Angelina C: And I, and I explained to her what was going on. And she's like, well, I said, and then I knew in the meeting when you told me that you were sick of hearing about everybody else.
Angelina C: I knew she was playing us both. Don't show me and I got everything squashed we're we're okay we've never really had a problem because I stood up to her and I are both strong personalities and I think
Angelina C: And I told her, there's a different Shelly between telling somebody what to do and reminding them. What time to do it. I don't mind, I forget, I don't mind it.
Angelina C: Difference she thinks she's bossy time with you. So we go through the meeting. Everything we go back to work. I talked to say everything's fine. I go in on Sunday.
Angelina C: And she was on my rep my side that needed week she didn't do the stocking. So right before she left I had Shelly standing right next to me by the registered. I said, Did you finish talking
Angelina C: And she walks out so he's like, take a deep breath. I said, I am not in order to get to me. So whatever I said I know it's on camera. And I know
Angelina C: The day shift gets busy. But that can't be her excuse because if they get it done during the day. You know what I mean. And if they don't, they'll say, hey, we're slam. But that can't be an excuse, every day. You know what I mean, she's just lazy. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I just to be clear, Shelly is charities boss and your boss, yes or no, no.
Angelina C: She's an employee, just because we are but that's have management stuff she but she's not our boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, dusty
Angelina C: So then, yeah, so margin destiny are the bosses. The two. So, Margie we leave the meeting and everything.
Angelina C: And I'm sitting here thinking to myself, you know, nine bucks an hour for this. And then my boss is telling me I have customers that night that she told me to go outside and get her. I don't have time. I'm running my register, you can call her to come in.
Angelina C: So that night she came in she put us on speaker. There was nobody in the building. And I know this is bad of me. What I did, but I had enough.
Angelina C: Of her playing stupid and I'm not a babysitter, so I i put us on speaker and she's like largest
Angelina C: Husband's but like what needs to be done. I said, everything. Nothing's done, none of the chores have gotten done that and she's like dishes cooler and mopping
Angelina C: She's like, and then she's like, she's like, give me the song to charity. I said we were on speaker.
Angelina C: And she's like, I don't know, because I erased everything. And I said, you know what I erased it. And I said, then you do that site our site, even though I've already done everything
Angelina C: I don't mind it just get done. Don't talk to me. In other words, kind of thing, you know. So I went back and she raced in change, and she told me to shut up.
Angelina C: And I lost it. I lost my shit. I was like, you stupid bitch. Don't tell me to shut up. That's where I was wrong.
Angelina C: And Margie was like, don't talk to that. And that's what made me snap, but I stopped. I apologize to Margie I will not apologize to her.
Angelina C: But I did apologize Margie and and it's kind of like now the bosses that day after the meeting. I apologize to both of them too. And they kind of started laughing because they see where she's coming from kinda
Angelina C: They are giving her a second chance. But she's having to do nights and days and that's her choice, but this is what got me last night of
Angelina C: The other night when I got off work Sunday. I was sitting there. And one of the customers. And now I know which customers, she's talking to
Angelina C: Because she doesn't realize their friends with me to just because she thinks she's got a mouth of itself doesn't mean that they don't come to us and talk to us. So she's like yeah, she said that you're never you're registered you have mental problems.
Angelina C: Okay. And I was like, really. And I said, well, it's just ridiculous. I said, I don't know what to say anymore. I said, We're doing good. Now on the night shift.
Angelina C: So, and she's like, so I know she's when I went to margin that night, cuz she was going in the stores thing about the drama because she was the one in the store that night when Margie showed up.
Angelina C: And so, Mark is like this is really great pissed at me saying that genuine been there an hour and just hearing stuff about drama on the night shift.
Angelina C: So that really bothered me because I thought everything was good. I thought everybody was chugging along what we're doing. Okay. I knew charity had problems with Shelly, but
Angelina C: She's got to get over it. It's retail. Who cares, people come and go. You need just just to buck up. You can't be like that crying to the boss every five minutes.
Angelina C: So then I realized why Leo was upset with me. I didn't realize charities going out, calling Leah and Margie every night crying to them about me.
Angelina C: But they're going to Shelly same telling Shelly. It's about me but telling me it's about shut like playing all of us kind of was like okay so last night, I was like,
Angelina C: Because they always tell me not to bring it home tell Paul or, you know, just kind of suck it up. I was like, okay.
Angelina C: So I thought
Angelina C: All right, I'm going to keep doing my stuff chugging along. I know. There's cameras. I know, Margie sees it, Margie already knows how she does. I don't need to explain myself.
Angelina C: How do I go to my boss now be like, you know, now she's telling customers I have mental problems are so I just let it go and let her hang yourself.
Angelina C: Like this is what destiny home and this is my boss to and she's a young and she's been there six years. She just told me give her enough rope to hang yourself.
Angelina C: Just remember. There's cameras. I don't go tackle the Margie all that margin know if something's going on, but I don't like to go and I can see, I've never been in an office in my boss's office ever this much ever over stupid shit that is driving me crazy.
Angelina C: So,
Angelina C: Do you want some feedback. Yep. I need it well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Angelina C: You like it.
Angelina C: Yes, I was.
Angelina C: You're just eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's just take from a different perspective. Let's try it from way from the outside. And let's say that all of the
Gwenevere Abriel: The events that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: This person said and did this and this was the response. This is the stimulus and response. Let's take up whole bracket of experience if you pay no attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you have been focused on in your life, what would you have been doing
Angelina C: Honestly, this is how I this is how I guess I I hear your question, I guess. I don't know how to answer it as well.
Angelina C: When I feel like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Angelina C: When I usually feel like that. I'll start cleaning get my mind off stuff. Think about the kids are going to be after work.
Angelina C: And I just do it. My boss asked me to do, but to be sit there and chop down I have met two poems when she's come to me and saying her mom has schizophrenia.
Angelina C: But she's throwing me under the bus to all the customers just flipped me like I was done, I was like okay I bit my tongue Marty's asked me more than three times to let loose and be nicer. We all got to get along. I've done it and I have done it, but
Angelina C: And then I know she feels like she just is pushing me like once she saw me do that now she's doing it on purpose. So that was like
Angelina C: Not getting to me anymore and I will go to my boss and let her know but the mental thing. I mean I she can talk all she wants because people know why I'm out here. I've grown up out here.
Angelina C: There's my teacher still coming from high school, but she's telling people stuff to that.
Angelina C: That people. I went to high school with that she doesn't realize I'm friends with. You know what I mean, are coming in and saying, God, she's talking a lot of smack. And I'm like,
Angelina C: Back in the day, my thing would be to should ever go on about my life quit my job and do this. I'm not. I'm changing. I'm trying to grow up and do this the right way. But it's taken a toll on me with my my anger issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just we'll get to to maybe how to see that there is choice between what's going on. And your response. We can get there. But again, let's start from the outside in what I heard you say was when I
Gwenevere Abriel: When I feel this is clean. That's what I heard you say, but that's not it. I'm let me, let me try it from a different angle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay if none of that happened. Let's say it took 10 minutes of thinking or an hour or eight hours. I don't know how much time went into it. But let's say that wasn't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. What do you think it was like five hours, four hours, three hours. How much time did that event take I'm talking about in your head to the one where you've been really worried or angry or questioning yourself.
Angelina C: This has been going on since like I met her. She was
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a number, if you can come up with one approximately
Angelina C: It was the whole shift my whole eight hour shift. I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight hours. We're going to go with that. I want you to imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have a right to those hours as much as charity Shelly Margie Paul dusty and they're probably been some other names in there that I didn't scribble down. You have a right to that time you have a right to feel how you want to feel
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't get those hours back
Angelina C: They're gone. That's what's hard. I think you're letting
Gwenevere Abriel: Me get all I know all the way through this, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's way out here that's like, because I'm not in it. I can see it from a distance of, kind of, I can kind of say, oh, look, look what's happening. Look at this nonsense. Right. Oh, look at these hurt feelings and people are doing this and this and I can see it. We're looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not happening directly to me so I can sit back
Gwenevere Abriel: The part
Gwenevere Abriel: That I want to know is, what would you be doing with those eight hours, see if you can figure this out, what would you be doing with those eight hours. If you were not in that stress response around these events, what could you have done with that time.
Angelina C: Honestly, like I I hear what you're saying, but I don't know how to answer it kinda
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do it over here.
Angelina C: Because this will get a brain here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: I have spent a couple hundred dollars on a certification that I have to sit and I've got a watch, about six more videos and each one has a packet of
Gwenevere Abriel: Manual literature that I have to, I want to read it. I could take notes. Kind of a note writer when I visually. I kind of learned by writing it down a combination of auditory and
Gwenevere Abriel: Like pause and think about it. And then I have to take a quiz after each one so I'm probably looking at another maybe 16 hours support can order to get a particular certification.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do it at my leisure. It's online. Now you see how tangible that is that eight hours. I could be halfway through a certification.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what I'm getting at. This is your time, energy,
Gwenevere Abriel: Ignorance will try to rob it
Gwenevere Abriel: From you fear will fear of others and they act out and they stir the pot, they're aggressive passive aggressive and hostile and silly.
Gwenevere Abriel: All kinds of things, but this is your time and it does take effort to swipe aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: The nuisances that are in your life. But I want to know what you would do. I want to see whether it's something that motivates you, what would you do with eight hours. If you had it, you could do just what you want with it.
Angelina C: Um, I, I probably spend time with my kids and my grandbabies that the
Gwenevere Abriel: Heck yeah and babies. Bring it on, man.
Angelina C: Oh gosh, this I they took him yesterday. I didn't get to see him very long because my sick over here. So we couldn't keep them, but they came in that was such a mess I posed about that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, hold on, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just short term want you to picture when you see the shenanigans. You hear the pot stirring what however you phrase it ignorance, fear, Penny, whatever. Right. I call it ignorance and fear because typically people will act out of ignorance and fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you've got an insecure person, whoever this charity. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're dangerous ignorance.
Gwenevere Abriel: There. They're dangerous people there. There's no doubt because right they're going to do things. They're not going to think through the consequence. They're only worried about the moment they're worried about their own ego. So they're kind of a risky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Group of people, but when you see her, and you hear her. If instead you could picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picking up your grandbaby cedars you know the sweet little cheeks and all the little fun things you could do with her. Can you imagine the freedom that would come. If you could see what this woman is doing. And instead, you could picture. This woman is trying to get in the way of my babies.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it seems really cookie. But we've got to get clear what you want, not that this person is going to hurt you but any time even thinking about her in her nonsense and trying
Gwenevere Abriel: It should put you in a position of defensiveness, and she has a very odd way of of projecting anger and then you end up getting angry. I mean, she made you angry you
Gwenevere Abriel: Were saying you were angry, eventually you got there.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's good at it. She's really good. Yeah. Bottom line is, when you look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's getting in the way of your grandbaby she's about to take hours from your life that you can't get back
Gwenevere Abriel: To let her take them.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see it.
Angelina C: You geez, I bought the devil out of me. That's and I've been so good when like I've been eating. This is a big step for me. Can I tell you, because when I was in Nursing.
Angelina C: I dealt with my elders and I dealt with their family members never really had the conflict, it works, we never saw anybody
Angelina C: So to be sitting there behind a counter with 78 hours. This is a huge learning for me that
Angelina C: It's taken a lot. I've got because before it was just anger. I just beat the shit out of you go on about my day. If you find me. Great. I don't care. Do you know what I'm saying. But I'm trying to change. Do you know what I mean.
Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: The breath work. Do you remember doing the belly breathing.
Angelina C: Yes, I went in the back. That's when I went in the back because mess my boss. I started laughing cuz I was doing my belly breathing in the
Angelina C: Corner and I told it. She's like, she looked at me. I said guys like us, but our house looks like just because that's she caught me off guard. You know, because belly breathing and
Angelina C: She's like, like, just remember they forget I watched those cameras to the tea every night and every morning. He's like, just remember that. So I'm not in there telling her like she knows that she didn't stalk, she can see that she can go back on the cameras.
Angelina C: I don't want to be the one to be the
Angelina C: Two running to the boss and crying. I mean, and I just kept thinking to myself, she's going to hang herself because Mark is going to get sick of that to do you know what I mean.
Angelina C: Yeah, well I think things needed
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to be the one to run to the boss.
Angelina C: Run right
Angelina C: Boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you started today with I've got a lot to tell you. I also want some advice. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today might be a day where you only have a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see myself as an advice giver, but I can give you some ideas of things you can play with
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe today is about really feeling like you're not crazy. Any rational, reasonable person would have come to the same feeling of frustration that you felt. Is that kind of what you'd like is to know that you're not going here.
Angelina C: Okay, but like, but is that like it's like I wasn't going to go to the boss about her telling me I'm the other
Angelina C: Customers, but it's like why is my mouth. My name even coming out of your mouth. Why are you even bringing me up to these people.
Angelina C: And there's people. I went to high school with that I hadn't seen in years and one called me out. So they're like, Oh, hi. Can I see outside for a second. So yeah. Just give me a second.
Angelina C: And I went outside and I do you know what she's saying. And I'm like, oh my god. So I've just never said anything to the boss, because it's all gossip. This is so this is what we grew up in high school.
Angelina C: So I'm used to this. It's like, I don't want this, and I won't listen to it, but I do have to work with her on Thursday night for four hours.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there was a question in there, but it might be that you might not want
Gwenevere Abriel: The answer, because the answer might be hard might be hard to hear.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is she doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, she needs a professional to find out lie, really. But why is her gossip. Let's just hold on. Why is her gossip. She's lying. So why is her lying making you so angry and if we say afraid we say why is her lying making you afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you afraid will happen is people in your small community here ally.
Angelina C: Everything. It's not that I don't I it's not that I can because they know who I am. Do you know what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Answer. See if you can find the answer to that one. What are you afraid of
Angelina C: I'm not really afraid of anything. I guess I am I, I don't want my name to be put out there, her saying stuff that's not true about like you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is that something to be afraid of.
Angelina C: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Well, that's why we're slowing down a little bit, because that's where she's got you hooked. Notice you said teacher people. I grew up with. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that I'm in a big city, and I'm never going to see these people again this is I'm a think you're saying it's a small community, is that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, so the first piece of it might be these people teacher and these people that these customers will just call them customers. Customers that you know in another setting of your life may believe charity is that the fear they may believe you're crazy.
Angelina C: I think maybe i mean i i really like I like I said that could be it. But I, I kind of don't
Angelina C: Care. I think it's just what she say why why like that's just like you guys, why are you doing, like, Why, what's the point of this
Angelina C: I was there for you needed help. I you told me how your mom was this gets Oh she's making you crazy. She left
Angelina C: You're here with your kids. She told me all her whole life story all nighters, do you know what you need to do get a notebook and write it down.
Angelina C: That's the only way you're going to get stuff off your chest. That's all I could tell her it's just go get a notebook and just start writing and
Angelina C: Never look back on it, I don't know that might help you as you need counseling. Something I tried to help her. I was trying to listen to her.
Angelina C: But then when I got that text at 1230 at night after she went and card to Margie st was all my fault.
Angelina C: And then 60 you just don't listen see shows always something you don't listen, you're mad. You know, it was always something and I was like okay
Angelina C: So now that I felt her out nursing. It's like, I don't need to talk to you. We can work civil to give a yes, no, whatever. But I'm not going to be. I'm not getting paid to babysit her either and tell her. When do her chores. I shouldn't have to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold this for just a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe
Gwenevere Abriel: That if you knew why charity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Behaved child like right
Gwenevere Abriel: That she would stop.
Angelina C: No.
Angelina C: I feel okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, let me do another one now. So knowing won't get her to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not going to change her behavior. You may hear a story of her parents were alcoholics right she I'm making it up. I don't know. So now you have a life story but there we are. She continues to live her life the way she has developed a style and this is what she does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know why, but she's still doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why you think knowing why is the recipe.
Angelina C: For how I feel that she has nothing else to talk about. So she would bring up like Shelly. Like there's like even if we weren't talking about just listen to radio, not even getting customers in there.
Angelina C: Right away, so I don't know what to do about Shelly, she's just so bossy, and then I'm sitting there thinking to myself,
Angelina C: She sent and I even told her. When I say if you really feel that way about Shelly. Just don't stop be like that with her. I said, because if she's doing that to you, then definitely you know
Angelina C: How did I put it, I said if if she's really that like that with you, you know, then
Angelina C: Maybe she's like that. Was everybody else maybe that should show you a sign, not to talk about it anymore. I was trying everything to get her district.
Angelina C: Zip it like I don't need to hear it. But it's kind of like she doesn't have anything else, or and everybody feel sorry for her and she starts crying and I don't like I don't. And everyone's like, you know, she has family problems when we all have family issues. We all have problems.
Angelina C: Right, I just that's I think what and then for my boss to feel sorry for her is like, okay.
Angelina C: That's her thing she hired or not me, but if we have to work together civilly she knows what to do. She doesn't, you need to talk to me unless there's a question. Yes, I'll answer it nicely, but don't ever expect to
Angelina C: Be. Hey, high five, or any of that with me because I've been so nicer trying so hard with her and I'm just, I gave up. Okay. But yeah, I don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think you have okay because I tried to steer it to somewhere else. The underlying I want to know why she does what she does. I think it's to get her to start to behave differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe she'll be if I could give her advice about notice you were saying journaling and what have you in love about
Angelina C: Right, it
Gwenevere Abriel: is safe to assume that she's not going to change. But you can
Angelina C: Have been trying, okay, clearly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in here we can come up with little things that you can say to yourself, little things you can say to people like her.
Gwenevere Abriel: That are insecure that act out and that want to hook you in the conversation. They want to hook you they got nobody else to talk to. But you so they want to hook. They'll hook anyone anybody who's walking by.
Angelina C: Yeah, so she's proven out but
Gwenevere Abriel: I care about you. I want you to enjoy your shift. I want you to have a night where you're like, she continues for childish behaviors, she gets to be insecure, she gets to be whatever it is. It's none of your business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your business is to work the cashier to know your responsibilities to follow through, be consistent be reliable, you're not her friend, you're not her mother, you're not her auntie.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a right to set a boundary with her and it might be a matter of knowing how to do that and feeling okay with saying something that doesn't come out like
Gwenevere Abriel: You stupid bit right that's too far that boundaries to firm that's too hard, then they'll only hear how you said it, they won't know that you're trying to set a boundary. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll get confused with our delivery. So if we can find a way to say, and I'm gonna give you an example just to let you know that there are ways to do this. This is just a there are ways to stay safe and at peace, even when the world around you is just cuckoo, cuckoo.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is one way and I don't you gotta tell me if I've already done this with you. I feel like I might have. There was there's, you can either make a statement, you can ask a question or you can apologize those
Angelina C: I think we have, we start, we were going to start those. I think we started it a little bit. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they're hard
Gwenevere Abriel: That might take quite a
Gwenevere Abriel: Few rehearsals. This is a really difficult thing to do, but I'll tell you what. It's so sweet. If you get this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it might be something like this. So let's say there's a charity here and I would say
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, charity, which one do we want to do, do we want to do statement question or apology, which one. Want me to play with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Damon statement. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what charity.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sure how along the way I've communicated anything other than professionalism to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somehow I seem to have sort of made it possible for us to have familiarity and intimacy and I want to set reset here and let you know that I'm looking forward to working with you in a professional way talking about tasks of the job.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I will be sharing much about my personal life and it's okay with me if you don't share what's going on in your personal life, but I'm looking forward to kind of a professional working relationship with you.
That's good. Yeah.
Angelina C: It's hard because I'm not a communicator, but that sounded good, like i i'd like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are a communicator. It's just that you're so intelligent that words come to you very fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: The words will come see I've been listening. You have a great grasp on vocabulary and you can watch a very complex system and you can analyze it very quickly. You are an intelligent woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing that I see is the space between the words that's missing. That's all. No. Did you see it, the rate. Did you notice the weight that I spoke that I am okay
Gwenevere Abriel: With time in between each word I'm not awkward with it. I don't feel stupid or inadequate, just because
Gwenevere Abriel: I have time in between.
Angelina C: Said, I've been trying to do that to stop it before I just let it out. I really have been trying to work on that. But
Angelina C: Why you're so dumb. I feel so like when I get put down like that. I feel so dumb. And it's like, I feel
Angelina C: Like
Angelina C: And you know, I don't know why that is so yeah yeah okay that
Angelina C: hurts me it's, I don't know if it's from back when my mom is put me down or
Angelina C: Yes, it is.
Angelina C: Feels like I feel so dumb. And I just feel like
Angelina C: No, hear me, but I do like that. Just like when it brings me down like that. I just feel so like
Angelina C: You know, I've been doing so good at work to like I've been really concentrate. That's why I said two options concentrated amount thing do my own thing and I do great I close my door drag fine and everything, but
Angelina C: It's like when somebody puts me down like that. I just don't know why I feel so degraded.
Angelina C: So fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Angie. Remember, we can go in and we can do the trauma work week I've got some great tools. I do, but remember what you want. Sometimes in session is to offload the downside is
Gwenevere Abriel: The kind of work that I'm going to offer means it's not offload time, it means reprocessing some of that trauma, so that you have a different relationship with it, but we can't do it at the same time that you're offloading like we are today. Sometimes we've got to do today. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to reassure you that if we can have trust in the therapeutic process. We can do some of these other interventions.
Gwenevere Abriel: The short answer is, why don't you go with yes you are sensitive to insults and criticisms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you had it when you were younger, and all you have to do is say that's a tender little spot in me as tender and I'm going to breathe and I'm going to realize I'm not 13 that's not happening right now there's someone I don't love
Gwenevere Abriel: That saying something ugly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love is not on the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. She's going to stay ignorant.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. I'm not 13 I'm okay and you get there with the breath, you get there with the breath. And then that's all happening inside you, right, you're thinking it
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting a relaxed body and then more comes to memory and then you and I. Right now, if you want to do it. We can rehearse how to protect your space by some of these things. We were just doing. Yeah, that's the next step.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you might not like this style, but look how clear it is I keep saying over and over. I'm enjoying our professional relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm setting the stage thing. I'm not going to be talking about my personal life. I really understand you won't be hearing about yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might find that I kind of like, I wonder what I've kind of presented that made you think that it could be that intimate and familiar. So you're going to keep redirecting redirect redirect with conviction, you will stay
Gwenevere Abriel: On the battle cry of we are in a professional relationship but Angie, you're going to have to stay there too, which means you don't give advice, which means you don't hear her family history and you don't share yours. Now I don't know if you can do that.
Angelina C: Yeah, I could with that. Yeah, I kick. She's
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not trustworthy Angie, I wouldn't trust her with
My
Gwenevere Abriel: With my tender feelings. I wouldn't do it.
Angelina C: Now, I tried to help. That's what I, my boss asked me so many times. So that was being mean or house like what I was like okay I couldn't figure it but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So grab a let's grab your piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's read it. These are hard to do so.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to do the statement.
Angelina C: I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna be charity.
Angelina C: And you're
Angelina C: You're going to give
Gwenevere Abriel: me something. I'm going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Around you or you and you're going to set your boundary
Angelina C: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Then once you get your paper. Maybe we'll have a little sentence. So you can kind of be ready.
Angelina C: Because this is brand. Okay, I got my paper. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed you're sharing some personal information.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're writing that down.
Angelina C: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna help you in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're going to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm going to be a difficult charity to deal with here in a second. So let's get, let's
Angelina C: Get
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get you ready. So hey, I noticed this is what you're going to say back to me. Hey, I noticed you're sharing some personal information.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am. And this is a hypnotic induction. Let's just, let's leave philosophy assign aside, I'm enjoying our professional relationship. Write that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might not be true 100% but there probably were seconds when you enjoy it. When she was actually doing her job and you were doing yours. There's a little bit of truth in that statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed that you're sharing some personal information and, you know, I've enjoyed our professional working relationship.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to continue with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's anything that I have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to avoid the apology me see if I can do without the apology.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, got it scrapped. I imagine I have shared some intimate and personal things with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That may have confused. Our professional relationship.
Angelina C: Okay supersonic information about me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That may have confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our professional relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we're trying to get out of an apology, or a question. So I'm trying to put in statement. This one's a hard one to do
Okay.
Angelina C: may have confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our professional relationship because
Gwenevere Abriel: I shared
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I shared some personal information and I may have given advice and I've kind of listened to some of your personal stories. So that's what I mean by is both of us I shared and give advice you shared see it, that's all personal
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on. Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's this bracket you fill in, you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue with you, you talked about your Nana and I talked about my son. So you see, that's, that's, you don't even need to tell me what that is. That's all personal
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're saying that's back to me because I'm going to be charity. So this is taking care of this is hard to do. Don't get mad at yourself. If you can't do it the first time it might take us a few times. We've got nine minutes we'll do as many as we
Can
Gwenevere Abriel: So the key pieces are these professional relationship intimate personal familiar, those are the key words you want to be able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Professional. I really like our professional relationship. I want to keep it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've noticed that I shared some personal information you shared some personal information, you're probably going to notice that I'm not doing that as much because I want to continue to to enjoy my professional relationship with you, period. It
Gwenevere Abriel: To see
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say stop gossiping. I didn't say stop unloading all your personal crap on me. I didn't say I'm sorry I didn't ask
Gwenevere Abriel: For behavior request. This is really different way of communicating both tell you what it does, it lets the people know I want a professional relationship and you've said it like three times in one statement.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you have any questions before we start.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be stirring the pot.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna have to make it up because I don't know my lines and I want to make the most of this time. So it's going to be something like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, you know, I mean, it's just another day. I mean, whatever, you know, Margie to do whatever she's doing and I can't even deal with it. I've got enough family drama.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know what, I didn't even want to hear about the meeting, the other day, you weren't exactly, uh, you were you are rude as hell.
Angelina C: Hey, I see you're sharing my personal information I'm enjoying our personal
Angelina C: Relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm enjoying her professional relationship.
Angelina C: Or professional or personal or professional our person or person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Underlying underline and circle. That's what we want. We want a professional relationship, I assume, unless you want it to be your best friend. You tell me now.
Angelina C: It's professional
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. Yeah, I mean,
Angelina C: Okay. Hey, I see you're sharing my personal information with others. I'm enjoying our, our professional relationship working relationship that I I've shared some personal information with you about me that I have. I may have confused you
Angelina C: And our professional relationship, I would like to keep it it it just that, how would I say, I would like to keep it. I got to that part right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working. How about I prefer a working relationship, you can split it up with that one. Maybe
Angelina C: Ship
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe I'm, I'm probably not going to share too much personal information and you may notice, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just leave it like that. Yeah.
Angelina C: Let's leave it with that. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to do it again because it was a little difficult. We're brand new ways of talking
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have a suggestion for you. I know you're the part that you embedded in there that I didn't say had to do with charity, you're sharing my personal information that isn't what I did what I did was I said
Gwenevere Abriel: This is getting really complicated Angie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do your, your role. Now, this is how it's going to sound ready because you did one part that is going to probably piss her off.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You call their
Gwenevere Abriel: Kindness. Yeah, so the part about you shared my personal information that's a complaint, we're not going to do that part. We're going to leave no room for her because that's all she's getting here. She's not gonna hear any of that other stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to get pissed that you're accusing her of gossiping. I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, that's all. She's going to hear she won't hear any of those stuff. So it's going to let that go. I know you between you and I. It's not nice to gossip. I get that. So here we go, she does her thing she walks in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey charity. How's it going, yeah. Um, I wanted to kind of get clear around something I know in the past. During our chefs I you know we've got all this downtime, you know, and
Gwenevere Abriel: We kind of chit chat about our personal life, but I'm making a change. I've really enjoyed our professional working relationship and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to continue that. So, probably not going to be sharing too many stories, but I know I'm really looking forward to working with you on a professional level.
Angelina C: I like that.
Angelina C: I'm writing it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I didn't accuse her
Gwenevere Abriel: Of anything. What I did was say
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitively you see it. There's no room now she's going to be very confused by that because there's nothing to hook she get right. She's just going to be why the F are you saying that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you
Angelina C: Then I think
Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait. There's nothing more to do n g you restate it. There's nothing to do this is, this is where the defiance. You absolutely stay in this position.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know. I was I was sharing some personal stuff and you were sharing some too. But I'm really looking forward to working with you just sort of on a working working level, you know, talking about different things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any questions about the Coke cans okay you redirect it back to work. SEE IT AND YOU SAY IT AGAIN. Dude, why are you acting like such a bitch. Again, you know, just looking forward to working with you on a on a professional level. So, is that cool. You do not budge.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter what she does. You hold position and that is I am enjoying working with you as a working professional and you don't move.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do not get activated offended you just stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I'm not saying this is easy because this is be really new for you. It means you do breathe it means that you rehearse this, you could do role plays with some family members, I get it.
Angelina C: I was gonna say I'm going to practice right afterwards because I think I'm going to take it to Margie and talk to her like that and just say, Hey, Marty. Can you just hear me out because I don't want to say, I mean, or
Angelina C: I said, I just want to let her know hey I'm going to work with her. We're going to get through this.
Angelina C: But I think I'm going to do that. I think I'll put margin there with us. Just so she can hear me calm and not and redeem myself kind of for what I did the market, too, because that was kinda
Gwenevere Abriel: Margie
Gwenevere Abriel: You have an optimistic apology version of it too. And he didn't hear that one. Those are pretty cool, they're even better, because then you get to say, you know what she already
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really sorry. I was sharing personal information and a lot of really intimate things with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think it may have muddied our professional relationship and I'm making a change. I'm just going to keep it professional. We'll talk about work related things. And I'm looking forward to working with you on that level.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period. I didn't name call I didn't challenge anything I apologized. That's it. And I stated exactly how it's going to be
Angelina C: Perfect. Yes, I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will not be sharing any more. I will not be sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: You just say it sweetly. Notice my tone is not and not nasty.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a given fact I'll be putting my makeup on today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be going to work on time. It's like a no duh, like, hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like, hey, just, you know, really sorry. I'm kind of over sharing and you own it. The biggest piece here is you just on your part. I was sharing a kind of set
Gwenevere Abriel: Set the tone that maybe we would have a more familiar relationship but i think i'm i'd like to keep it professional. I'm looking forward to working with you on, you know, networking professional level.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't keep talking. Just stop after you notice it's all, notice how many times I keep repeating it over and over and over and over that word professional working relationship profession. That's the boundary
Angelina C: And the ecology is
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I may have over shared some personal information and kind of changed the dynamics of a relationship, a little bit away from being a working one
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking forward to us, just being just working professionals, you probably noticed some will be sharing as much. But that's, that's okay, well, we'll have a good time just sort of on that working level. OKAY. AND YOU SET WHAT YOU WANT TO BE DOING WITH HER, which is just working. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But no more.
Gwenevere Abriel: No more sharing. It's going to be maybe hard for you to because you may enjoy a little bit of being a helper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Giving people advice and things like that. Um, but it she's not someone to be trusted with your tender feelings and
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't seem trustworthy to me.
Angelina C: Now she's done and we've all we all see it. I see my boss even sees what's going on, but she just wants every get along and it's just not going to work that way. But I could have you know she even let us her stay that night. I don't know why.
Angelina C: It happened in a static over with.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's not over yet but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pick another time to meet, if you can believe the hours up. Does that blow your mind.
I know
Angelina C: My next day off, I think, is Friday.
Angelina C: I don't know, because I do group tomorrow.
Angelina C: I'll do group. I meant to do a makeup group tomorrow with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanna
Angelina C: Be back on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tomorrow. I don't have any groups I have 111 o'clock on Thursday 12pm on
Angelina C: That's what I meant. Thursday. I'm sorry. Yeah, there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Girl, I love that Thursday group on love it love to have you there.
Angelina C: Yeah, I think it just with everything I did hit into that is that's a good time, even if I work
Angelina C: I can still come to it. So I'm going to do 30 for group and then our one on one. Whenever you got another open. Okay.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at next week. What does it look like
Gwenevere Abriel: As far as i don't i won't know until Friday.
Angelina C: We get our weekly okay well so
Angelina C: She gets works good. If you want to text me on Friday.
Angelina C: I could go in and get my my schedule. I can text it to you when I pick it up on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's pretty important. Certainly in in a recovery program where clients sort of take on additional slowly but surely their, their own
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of accountability piece, let's do this together. How about we do it like this, just the other way around.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you have a reminder in your phone calendar or some kind of reminder for Thursday group maybe 1045 11 o'clock, so make sure that's in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then put in a reminder on Friday evening to forward a scheduled to plan or request an appointment from Glenn six o'clock at night, whatever works for you, for them to put a reminder in your phone.
Okay.
Angelina C: Okay. Okay. All right.
Angelina C: Yeah, that'll work. Yeah.
Angelina C: I'll text you Friday or and let you know. Okay, I sit and
Gwenevere Abriel: Angie what I just did today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is next level difficult. You don't understand. This is hard for a CEO to do. So if you find this difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: Please don't give yourself a hard time I'm giving you information, but this could take months, don't expect yourself if you do it. Fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it might be difficult because remember all those feelings, all that
Gwenevere Abriel: All that arch of emotion is going to be there and it's going to prevent all of the blood, getting to the brain where you need it, we can remember that we even did this so please don't add to it. Any kind of negative appraisal or shame or guilt or anything negative, this is hard.
Angelina C: Okay, okay, I hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's just I did good. I remembered my breathing. I remembered what what's the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: MY GRANDKIDS they're trying to get in the way of my grandbabies and once you get the picture of their sweetness bunch of fools.
Angelina C: Yeah, I thought I was kind of embarrassed at first when I popped off like that. But then again, I was like, I would. She said that guess what got me to, I guess, why I was so
Angelina C: Anxious to bring it to so quick because she said she was going to call the main bosses and and she's never had to do that before.
Angelina C: The owners. So that's when I was like well I I'll take a write up because I was in the wrong for yelling, but she wasn't there. I think it was wrong that Margie letter come back to work. That night, it says
Angelina C: He cheated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her behavior has nothing to do with you. Your behavior has to do with your
Fist.
Gwenevere Abriel: I invite you the next time we meet, and if you want to be twice a week and we can create that timing to move this along because you can get both.
Angelina C: But will do you have an opening on Friday you because
Gwenevere Abriel: At one if you want to meet after my group, you can meet at one o'clock.
Angelina C: Otherwise at one. Uh huh. Okay, let's do that. Okay.
Then
Gwenevere Abriel: Trauma work okay okay really different than this, it won't feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
It'll be real different
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Angelina C: But this right. We ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we get to resolve that stuff because look what almost just happened almost got like the big boss. Right. And I know you want to address the anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is this is trauma. This is some deep, deep wounding going on in there and we won't get it through talking back and forth. It's got to be an experiential thing so
Angelina C: I'm looking forward to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I get to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Thursday. And on Friday.
Angelina C: Right. Yes. Okay. I'll see both
Angelina C: Friday Thursday 11 and Friday at one
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good. See you them.
Angelina C: All right. Thank
You. Bye.